I am Mukesh Otwani working professional in a beautiful city Bangalore India. I completed by BE from RGPV university Bhopal.

I have passion towards automation testing since couple of years I started with Selenium then I got chance to work with other tools like Maven, Ant, Git, GitHub, Jenkins, Sikuli, Selenium Builder etc.

Work experience in System Testing, System Integration Testing, Regression Testing,
Sanity Testing, Development/Maintenance of Automation Test Scripts, Test Case
Execution using Automation and Test Automation Planning/Reporting.

Created complete framework for end to end API Testing using SOAP UI tool which involved fetching test data from text files and excel sheet and after completion Results were stored in highly discriptive HTML report file having all major details such as status, time taken to complete the test, reason in case of failures, request and response files generated during execution.



request and response generated during test and in case of failure with error message and error code


Digitalx project is related to the Mobile, SIMO, Broadband provided by Vodafone in UK from Web/Online Portal. In this project major testing scope was Web Testing & API testing. Order provisioning for different customer types such as single line, Ordinary Residential/Business, multi account etc. were tested. Here we tested the different types of customer journeys according to Business Rules.

MCOM-WSL project is related to the various types of products(Internet, Voice, TV, Mobile etc.) provided by Proximus in Europe from Web/Online Portal. In this project major testing scope was Backend PEGA testing. MCOM/WSL is a centralized interface which interacts with various interfaces to complete the customer journey (which involves complete procedure from ordering the product to delivery and installation at customers place).It plays an essential part in providing business(WSL) and residential(MCOM) customers with easy service provision or modification, and ensures the subsequent reliability of those services.

